Comentarios en: Entra gratis en el MIM: Museo de instrumentos musicales
de Bruselas

http://www.blogbruselas.com/blog/2010/06/18/entra-gratis-en-le-museo-de-la-musica-de-bruselas-el-mim/
El blog-guía escrito por españoles en Bruselas para los hispanoparlantes
que viven aquí y para los turistas que aprovechan los vuelos baratos
para descubrir el chocolate, la cerveza, la Grand Place y tantas otras
cosas buenas. Sat, 21 Jan 2017 04:36:00 +0000 hourly 1
https://wordpress.org/?v=4.7.3

Por: Monica Ordonez

http://www.blogbruselas.com/blog/2010/06/18/entra-gratis-en-le-museo-de-la-musica-de-bruselas-el-mim/\#comment-1734
Monica Ordonez Tue, 03 Aug 2010 12:30:20 +0000
http://www.blogbruselas.com/?p=2264\#comment-1734 great musuem, crap
service I was in this gorgeous museum this weekend and everything was
amazing\... except for the cafeteria service. The waitress was sooooo
rude!, she asked us to move tables because she didn&\#039;t want to
serve in the area we were waiting; but her asking was more like
demanding us to change tables or she wouldn&\#039;t give us the service.
I asked for the follie de reclamacion officiel and guess what?, they
don&\#039;t have one\... no wonder. \<p\>great musuem, crap service\<br
/\> I was in this gorgeous museum this weekend and everything was
amazing&\#8230; except for the cafeteria service. The waitress was
sooooo rude!, she asked us to move tables because she didn&\#8217;t want
to serve in the area we were waiting; but her asking was more like
demanding us to change tables or she wouldn&\#8217;t give us the
service.\<br /\> I asked for the follie de reclamacion officiel and
guess what?, they don&\#8217;t have one&\#8230; no wonder.\</p\>
